{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;\red249\green247\blue246;\red24\green24\blue23;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;\cssrgb\c98039\c97647\c97255;\cssrgb\c12549\c12157\c11765;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi everyone,\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Thank you very much for deciding to participate in \'93Open Science Workshop: Collaborative reproducible science using version control\'94\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Based on the survey you all filled in, we have decided to split the workshop program based on the previous experiences as:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 25. November, Biologen Blokk A K1+K2, 9 - 12h
\f0\b0 : Introduction to Open Science and basic version control (GitHub)\'a0\'a0\cf4 \cb1 \

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 26. November, Biologen Blokk A K1+K2, 9 - 12h
\f0\b0 : Advanced GitHub function and collaboration on projects (branches and forks)\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We give the option to join only the second day if you are familiar with basic GitHub operations (commit, push, pull), but everyone is super welcomed to join both days (refreshing basic things could be very useful).\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 A reminder that you all need to have R (v 4.0. or higher), RStudio (v 1.4 or higher), Git installed on your computer, and a GitHub account. In addition, you need to link your GitHub repo to RStudio.\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Since several people responded that they have never worked with GitHub, we are planning to do additional troubleshooting of linking GitHub and R studio (to avoid wasting time with the general set-up of things during the Workshop).\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 24. November Biologen Blokk A Tunet room, 9 - 12h
\f0\b0 : Set up GitHub and RStudio.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This is not mandatory and aimed for people who do not know how to set-up GitHub.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\
\
\
\
rm(list = ls())\
gc()\
\
#Mac\
setwd("/Users/oevgeny/Desktop/sandbox/2021-11-23_Github_seminar")\
\
#PC\
#setwd("E:/pCloud Backup/ sysbc-mac-076/sandbox/2021-11-23_Github_seminar")\
\
getwd()\
\
\
# Code\
# Install 'devtools'\
utils::install.packages("devtools")\
\
# Install 'usethis'\
utils::install.packages("usethis")\
\
# Install 'Viserion' package\
devtools::install_github("Open-Science-Workshop-UIB-BIO/OSW_Viserion_package", auth_token="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")\
\
# End of code\
\
\
## install if needed (do this exactly once):\
#install.packages("usethis")\
\
#### Load packages ####\
library(usethis)\
use_git_config(\
  user.name = "Evgeny_Onishchenko", \
  user.email = "evgeny.onishchenko@uib.no"\
)\
\
#create and save token\
create_github_token()\
gitcreds::gitcreds_set()\
git_vaccinate()\
\
#repo\
use_git()\
}